Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
MÓNICA ZAVALA DE ANDA
JUNE 1995
NETFLIX PRESENTS
BASED ON THE ORIGINAL FILM "25 KM/H"
ROBOT INFUSER
Just look at this!
PING-PONG - 1ST PLACE
JUNIOR PING-PONG TOURNAMENT ENDS
AUTO REPAIR SHOP
Here we go!
Hello?
BERNAL PEAK
Am I using my heart for the first time?
For you
For me. for two
I run. I fly. I accelerate to be with you
And start the game
And light up the fire of love
I run to be with you
I run. I fly. I accelerate to be with you
And start the game
And light up the fire of love
I run to be with you
Everything's so gloomy without you
The seas wash away from the beaches
THERMAL BATHS
STATE OF MEXICO ENDS HERE
TLAXCALA STARTS HERE
Room service?
WELCOME TO MORELOS
The animals in this film
were not mistreated.
They were under their handlers'
care and supervision.
Subtitles translated by: